it's my story it's Karla story Carly the
lion cub jumbo Akali jumbo this is my
family I'm so lucky to have so many
brothers and sisters to play with every
day in the Masai Mara is great fun it's
the best playground in the world while
I'm so young
tastes a lot for me to learn so everyday
mama takes us all out on an adventure
it's always a surprise for us and I love
surprises
I wonder what we'll be doing today
hey mama what have you seen great
extreme what's a good place to practice
our jumping I'm going to be brilliant at
this after all Lions don't really like
swimming where's the best place to cross
mama you better show us how to do it
Wow mama is really good I hope I'm as
good as they are
yay my turn now what did mama say wait
on the back legs and push hard here goes
oh how embarrassing I hope no one saw me
I think I got away with it you well it
was the first time I've ever tried to
jump his dream I'm sure I'll get better
I'll just have to keep on practicing
until I'm as good as my brothers and
sisters but right now I can dry off here
while we run around and play